alright everyone welcome back to the
seminar girl HD channels so time to
review this year is WWE TLC I'm gonna be
straight up with you guys I'm not gonna
fucking bullshit you I couldn't care
less about this show and you know I've
seen plenty of people caring for this
show on YouTube I've seen blood you know
talked with people on on Twitter tonight
and lots of people enjoy the show and a
lot of people I saw you know like my boy
chris my board Chris you know he
couldn't care less for this show I was
in that that bang bang and I didn't care
i couldn't care i couldn't i couldn't
get into it you know i'm sure you got
those shows you know that I personally
enjoyed and that you couldn't care less
for and I'm sure you know TLC i'll
probably go back and watch it you know
when i'm interested again and i can
actually watch it again and appreciate
you know what would that show really was
but tonight watching it I couldn't give
a flying fuck about it I really couldn't
care so I'm gonna try to get this done
really quickly let's get right down into
it the new day defeated the gold and
Stardust Stardust in green now I was
alright with all the colors he had so
far but green holy fucking shit the guy
looks horrible so you know fucking
horrible Ziggler became a new integral
champion by beating Luke Harper Luke
Harper I would think the only thing that
actually mattered in this match was like
the power bomb and actually did a quick
video thing and I was going to get
involved and actually do a video on
every match on this I'm glad cig there's
the champ I just on the word are going
to go from here like I said the only
part I thought was pretty good was like
the power bomb that that new car / did
to Dolph Ziggler on a ladder but other
than that I thought you know Dolph
Ziggler's attire was absolutely horrible
the finish was definitely lackluster you
know both guys just going to get the
title Dolph Ziggler just super kick the
motherfucker and I motherfucker falls
and then he's a new champion was kind of
lackluster who sews defeated miss
and a damien mizdow by disqualification
you know what it is everybody know what
you know disqualification thoughts are
it's just it is what it is it's BS Big
Show defeated Erick Rowan I couldn't
care I really couldn't care I didn't get
into it at all I just I couldn't give a
fuck another thing it was actually
surprising nothing that hadn't been
talking on on Twitter Cena a scene as
match you know being at ten I think it
was at nine even at 9pm so it was kind
of weird seeing see now you know the
quote unquote main event you know go at
that at that time slot on the
pay-per-view where but the match was
like you know there was a couple things
that was pretty good you know I got into
it you know a few times during the match
but I really just had a hard time really
really getting into it I didn't really
really get into it idea obviously you
know you had intervention by by the J&J
security noble and Mercury and then Big
Show came out for some reason and then
freaking Roman reigns medica made his
comeback pretty much you know destroyed
everybody destroyed Big Show and pretty
much allowed scene out to do the
attitude adjustment on Seth Rollins for
the victory and that's what it was and
then you know some that was said but the
Roman reigns had some promo backstage
where he completely botched it you at
first for like at least I'd say two
times in the interview he was like
stiffs staring at the camera like there
was those dead silence that you were
like what did he freeze awilda what's
going on to probe the teleprompter is
not going fast enough it's like you know
was what it was and Nikki Bella defeated
AJ I didn't care I actually watched this
but it was on mute because I was you
know charging a USB key and I was like
doing some stuff for work so um I didn't
hear from I saw on Twitter a lot of
people were like laughing at what Brie
Bella was chanting or screaming Jonas I
I didn't see light in here
you know was what it was Nikki Bella
still the champ thanks to pay to
spraynet to do what I was prayer don't
fucking know what it was then right back
defeat came from I hear it was a boring
match I saw a couple things during his
match once again another thing I
couldn't get into Rousseff squash Jack
Swagger you know by submission this was
kind of pretty quickly and obviously the
main event Bray Wyatt against Dean
Ambrose that's definitely one of the
match that I'm gonna go back and watch
because I saw a couple things became I
always busy busy and I just you know I
really just I couldn't get into it you
know and it was it wasn't by choice it
was just like just I couldn't get into
it it's you know I just yeah I was
watching it felt felt plain to me you
know so yeah that's my dogs when it
comes to this year's TLC you know I'm
not okay so let's just put it this way
this is not a you know i'm not saying
this pay-per-view was what it was what
was what i say it was it's my talks
tonight maybe I'm gonna get into it you
know when I get when I'm gonna rewatch
and I'm gonna be like okay on this baby
was talking great maybe but my talks
tonight that was that there wasn't it
really wasn't that good so that's my
dogs you know can't wait for autumn or
not I've raw I feel like I'm gonna give
me I'm gonna get more into it so you
know I Brock is scheduled to be there I
believe Jericho is going to be running
things hopefully Brandis gonna be making
a return Roman reigns came back 2nite so
see how the hell is going to happen
tomorrow night the road to the rumbling
Oh starting tomorrow night so things are
going to be more interesting from now on
if you ask me to road to Wrestlemania
officially starting so that's it for me
guys thanks for watching I mean overdose
on tonight steel see did you enjoy it
you know by any chance and if you didn't
let me know your why and if you did let
me know why as well thanks for watching
and take care